[Autogenerated] it wasn't that long ago that running a web company meant paying
for on premises Web servers and databases and hiring an I.
T.
Staff to maintain that infrastructure and while this is
still the case for some companies,
the balance is shifting to utilizing the cloud for
web infrastructure as a developer, you may have zero background in operations,
types, procedures and applications.
I know that when I was getting into a W.
S as a developer, I was totally new to it all.
So I want to start by talking about how developing in the cloud is a little
different and a little similar to what you're used to first.
Let's talk about how it's similar if you're running an application
that you're developing on your local machine,
it's executing and running on some sort of platform,
be it an interpreter, virtual machine or operating system in the cloud.
Your application will be running on the exact same thing.
Granted there is usually another layer of abstraction that
amazon uses because the server or instance that you use is
almost always going to be virtual.
But the fact remains that there isn't much difference for you.
If you're running a .NET application,
you need the .NET platform to be installed to execute.
If it's a web application,
it will be opening the same ports on this cloud instance that it does
locally and if your application connects to a database,
it will be doing the same thing in the cloud.
The conceptual functionality of your application is going to
be the same when it runs in the cloud.
Now, what's different?
Well the key difference when running an application in the cloud versus
developing it locally is that you'll need to start thinking of how to extract
responsibilities of your application into services The whole goal of
developing in the cloud is that you want your application to be as
maintainable and resilient as possible to achieve this will take pieces out of
your applications such as file storage, databases,
cash and more and move this into other Amazon Web Services You'll
want to start thinking of your application as just the core logic
that utilizes these other services.
The connections to these services will mostly be handled
by an AWS software development kit,
so you will still be able to code your application
comfortably as you connect it to.
These superpowered services developing in the cloud
may feel a little weird at first,
but by the end of this course you're going to feel right at home developing with AWS and hey, you might even begin to enjoy it